CAM-12596: improve(telemetry): improve transparency of telemetry implementation (#747)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/introduction/telemetry.md

The "General Data" category contains information about the process engine:

> * Hashed IP address - a hashed IP address from which the data is sent, used to filter duplicated data and detect malicious access

Reviewer: Another possible edit similar to the above one:

```suggestion
* Hashed IP address - the telemetry service that receives the data stores a hash of the IP address from which the data was sent to filter duplicate data and detect malicious access.
```

Author: Thank you for your feedback.
